Link updates for rnaseq & pathway cheatsheets (#787)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: module-cheatsheets/pathway-analysis-cheatsheet.md

Please be aware that the documentation will generally provide information about the given function's most current version (or a recent version, depending on how often the documentation site is updated).
This will usually (but not always!) match what you have installed on your machine.
If you have a different version of R or other R packages, the documentation may differ from what you have installed.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [`msigdbr`](#msigdbr)
- [AnnotationDbi](#annotationdbi)
- [Base `R`](#base-r)
- [`DESeq2`](#deseq2)
- [`enrichplot`](#enrichplot)
- [`clusterProfiler`](#clusterprofiler)
- [`GSVA`](#gsva)
- [`qusage`](#qusage)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

### `msigdbr`

Read the [`msigdbr` documentation](https://rdrr.io/cran/msigdbr/f/README.md).

| Library/Package| Piece of Code| What it's called| What it does |
|----------------|--------------|-----------------|--------------|

> | `msigdbr`| [`msigdbr()`](https://rdrr.io/cran/msigdbr/man/msigdbr.html)| geom vertical line| Retrieves the specified MSigDB dataset |

Reviewer: I'm not gonna take a stab at how to actually suggest _calling_ this function, but I know this ain't it!
```suggestion
| `msigdbr`| [`msigdbr()`](https://rdrr.io/cran/msigdbr/man/msigdbr.html)| ??????? | Retrieves the specified MSigDB dataset |
```

Reviewer 2: @jashapiro, this would help me when I take a pass:

```suggestion
| `msigdbr`| [`msigdbr()`](https://rdrr.io/cran/msigdbr/man/msigdbr.html)| TODO | Retrieves the specified MSigDB dataset |
```

### AnnotationDbi

> Read the [`AnnotationDbi` package vignette](http://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/AnnotationDbi/inst/doc/IntroToAnnotationPackages.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [`AnnotationDbi` package vignette (PDF)](http://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/AnnotationDbi/inst/doc/IntroToAnnotationPackages.pdf).
```

| `AnnotationDbi`       | [`mapIds()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/AnnotationDbi/man/AnnotationDb-class.html) | Mapped IDs       | Extracts the mapped IDs for a set of gene identifiers. The types of gene identifiers (e.g. `ENSEMBL` or `ENTREZ`) are supplied to arguments: `keytype` (type of gene identifiers we are providing in the `keys` argument) and  `column` (type of gene identifiers we want returned).                                 |

### Base `R`

Read the [Base `R` documentation](https://rdrr.io/r/).

|Library/Package|Piece of Code|What it's called| What it does|
|---------------|-------------|----------------|-------------|
| Base `R`| [`fisher.test()`](https://rdrr.io/r/stats/fisher.test.html)| Fisher's Exact Test | Performs the Fisher's exact test for testing the null of independence of rows and columns for a given matrix or data.frame with count data |

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

### `DESeq2`

> Read the [`DESeq2` package documentation](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/manuals/DESeq2/man/DESeq2.pdf), and the [package vignette by Love, Anders, and Huber](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/DESeq2/inst/doc/DESeq2.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [`DESeq2` package documentation (PDF)](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/manuals/DESeq2/man/DESeq2.pdf), and the [package vignette by Love, Anders, and Huber](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/DESeq2/inst/doc/DESeq2.html).
```

| Library/Package               | Piece of Code                                                 | What it's called      | What it does                                                             |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DESeq2`                | [`lfcShrink()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/DESeq2/man/lfcShrink.html)            | Shrink Log Fold Changes                                        | Adds shrunken log2 fold changes to the results of a `DESeqDataSet` object                         |
| `DESeq2`                | [`results()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/DESeq2/man/results.html)             | Results                                         | Returns the results table from a DESeq2 analysis                         |
| `DESeq2`                | [`resultsNames()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/DESeq2/man/results.html)            | Results Names                                        | Returns the names of the estimated effects or coefficients of the `DESeq` model                         |

### `enrichplot`

> Read the [`enrichplot` package documentation](https://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/manuals/enrichplot/man/enrichplot.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [`enrichplot` package documentation (PDF)](https://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/manuals/enrichplot/man/enrichplot.pdf).
```

> Read the [`enrichplot` package documentation](https://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/manuals/enrichplot/man/enrichplot.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [`enrichplot` package documentation (PDF)](https://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/manuals/enrichplot/man/enrichplot.pdf).
```

### `clusterProfiler`

> Read the [`clusterProfiler` package documentation](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/manuals/clusterProfiler/man/clusterProfiler.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [`clusterProfiler` package documentation (PDF)](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/manuals/clusterProfiler/man/clusterProfiler.pdf).
```

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

### `GSVA`

Read the [`GSVA` package documentation](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/GSVA/inst/doc/GSVA.html).

| Library/Package               | Piece of Code                                                 | What it's called      | What it does                                                             |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `GSVA`                | [`gsva()`](https://rdrr.io/github/rcastelo/GSVA/man/gsva.html)             | Gene Set Variation Analysis (GSVA)                                         | Estimates gene set variation analysis enrichment scores on given gene expression matrix                       |

> | `GSVA`                | [`gsvaParam()`](https://rdrr.io/github/rcastelo/GSVA/man/gsvaParam-class.html)             | Gene Set Variation Analysis (GSVA)                                         | Estimates gene set variation analysis enrichment scores on given gene expression matrix                       |

Reviewer: I think something like this is more correct?

```suggestion
| `GSVA`                | [`gsvaParam()`](https://rdrr.io/github/rcastelo/GSVA/man/gsvaParam-class.html)             | Gene Set Variation Analysis (GSVA)                                         | Specify parameters to use with `gsva()`               |
```
